Our project is basically a destination finder that helps tourists pick a destination for vacation. This idea was fueled by the fact that most tourists just have an idea of how the place they want to visit looks like but have no idea on an actual place. What our program does is that it presents the user with. A questionnaire with about six questions that gathers information on the features, weather and the cost of their travel. We called our project Ronbel Adventures because it was created by Ronald and Abel, we also generated a unique logo for our website.

In accordance to what our program is meant for, we worked on having a design which is tourism-oriented to build the theme visually. Our website has a couple of html pages and we tried as much as we could to have different background photos for each. Our log in page has a background photo of someone on a parachute flying over hills and beautiful landscape. Our log in page also has a link to a sign up page in case you are a first time user and don’t have an account yet. Once, you log in, you are directed to the homepage of the website with a beautiful welcome message bearing your name which it picked from your username. To achieve that I had “ username = session.get('username', ‘Guest’)" in the homepage’s route of app.py, then had “<h1>Hello, {{ name }}</h1>” in index.html which basically prints hello, (and whatever username that is logged in).

Once, you log in, all our pages afterwards have a header with 4 button: Home, About, Contact Us and Log out which makes it easier for the user to surf from one page to another. It also makes the website more user friendly. We purposefully included the “ about” page because it is very important to give instructions and information to the user about what our website does.

At the homepage, there is a “get started” which when you click takes you to an intro page with amazing photos of famous destinations around the world like Eiffel towers. When you hover your cursor over these amazing photos they bounce creating a beautiful moment. Below the page is a button which now leads the user to the questionnaire. The user should pick choices to these questions from a dropdown menu according to what they like then click submit. Before building our questionnaire page, we took lots of time to make a database with destinations and their specifications. (I must admit, that was one of our biggest headaches with the project). We then uploaded the database as css file, and then put the filters accordingly in app.py. Once the user submits the questionnaire, our program runs through the database to look for destinations matching the choices picked and destinations page. The challenge we also had at this point is that our database is not that big enough for a user to get a destination with whatever they pick but we fill that with the time we had to do the project, that’s good enough!
